---
title: "May 2025"
visible: true
slug: "may-2025"
---

## May 29, 2025

**Build number: 2025.0.167**

### Job ID in execution logs

Robot execution logs now display the job ID.

### Bug fixes

Repeatedly launching the Robot (picture-in-picture) session caused memory peaks.

## May 12, 2025

**Build number: 2025.0.166**

### Smartcard support for headless-with-user mode

Background jobs in headless-with-user mode now also work with smartcard credentials, not just username and password.

### Improved log details

Error logs now provide [details about the activity that caused your workflow to fail](https://docs.uipath.com/robot/standalone/latest/admin-guide/stack-trace-details), including the workflow file name, activity name, and container hierarchy. These details help you quickly locate the activity within your project, and are displayed in Studio, Orchestrator, and Robot logs.

### Bug fixes

* The Robot Service incorrectly detected an interactive job as in progress, preventing new jobs from starting. The error message "Another interactive job is running for this user. A user can run a single interactive job at a time." was displayed, even when no jobs were running. This happened due to an improper service-level status update, which caused jobs to get stuck in terminating or stopping states.
* After a machine was idle or locked, the Robot Service failed to reconnect to Orchestrator. It kept using a broken connection indefinitely. The connection to Orchestrator has a finite lifetime, with a default of 30 minutes. You can adjust this duration using `UIPATH_HTTP_CONNECTION_LIFETIME`, an environment variable that defines the connection lifetime in seconds.