---
title: "2024.10.0"
visible: true
slug: "2024-10-0"
---

**Release date: 11 November 2024**

## Studio Web in Automation Suite on EKS/AKS

We are excited to announce that Studio Web is now available in Automation Suite on EKS/AKS! This new deployment option brings Studio Web capabilities to the UiPath on-premises automation platform.

To get started, check out the [Automation Suite on EKS/AKS Installation Guide](https://docs.uipath.com/automation-suite/automation-suite/2024.10/installation-guide-eks-aks/automation-suite-overview).

### Known issues and limitations

* Studio Web is not currently supported on machines with Federal Information Processing Standards 140-2 (FIPS 140-2) enabled.
* Autopilot™ functionalities are currently not supported.
* The default UiPath project templates are not available. You can, however, create a project from templates created by your organisation.
* Studio Web does not currently support workload identity, Azure for US Government environments, and offline environments.
* **Erratum - added November 19, 2024**: Studio Web on AKS does not currently support Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure Active Directory) authentication configuration for access to SQL, storage, and other resources that support Microsoft Entra.
* **Erratum - added March 6, 2025**: To [restore a cluster after backup](https://docs.uipath.com/automation-suite/automation-suite/2024.10/installation-guide-eks-aks/backing-up-and-restoring-the-cluster), you need to manually copy the Studio Web projects from the restored volume to the volume used by Studio Web.
  :::note
  This issue has been fixed in the [Studio Web for Automation Suite 2024.10.3 release](https://docs.uipath.com/studio-web/automation-suite/2024.10/release-notes/2024-10-3).
  :::