---
title: "Licensing robots for unattended automations"
visible: true
slug: "licensing-robots-unattended"
---

To execute unattended automations, you need to allocate one or more robot licenses (or [runtimes](https://docs.uipath.com/overview/other/latest/overview/service-licensing#runtimes-(robot-licenses))) to your robots, specifically to the machine that hosts your robots. The number of runtimes assigned to a machine represents the maximum number of concurrent executions. For example, with one runtime, you can execute only one unattended automation at a time. With five runtimes, you can execute up to five unattended automations at the same time, on the same host machine.

The following runtimes are available for unattended automations:

* Production (Unattended)
* Testing
* App Testing

## Via Orchestrator

To license a robot for unattended automations, first upload and activate a license in Orchestrator, then connect the robot to that Orchestrator instance.

To connect a robot to Orchestrator, you need to know the client credentials (client ID and secret) generated by the machine object in Orchestrator.

* In the Assistant, use the [Client ID connection type](https://docs.uipath.com/orchestrator/automation-cloud/latest/user-guide/connecting-robots-to-orchestrator#connecting-unattended-robots-to-orchestrator-using-the-client-credentials-in-the-assistant), and provide the client credentials.
* In the Command Line Interface, use the[`--connect` command](https://docs.uipath.com/orchestrator/automation-cloud/latest/user-guide/connecting-robots-to-orchestrator#connecting-unattended-robots-to-orchestrator-using-the-client-credentials-in-the-command-line), and provide the client credentials.

## Via Command Line (using the License Tool)

To license a robot without connecting it to Orchestrator, use the License Tool `activate` command in the Command Prompt. The license activation can be done offline and online.

Check out the [LicenseTool utility](https://docs.uipath.com/robot/standalone/latest/admin-guide/according-to-license#licensetool-utility) for more commands and parameters.

### For online activation

Run the following command in the same directory where the `UiPath.LicenseTool.exe` is found, and `1234-5678-9010-1112`is the license string.

```
C:\Program Files\UiPath\Studio\UiPath.LicenseTool.exe activate -l 1234-5678-9010-1112
```

### For offline activation

Run the following command in the same directory where the `UiPath.LicenseTool.exe` is found, and `c:\Downloads\license.txt` is the path to the license file.

```
C:\Program Files\UiPath\Studio\UiPath.LicenseTool.exe activate-offline -f c:\Downloads\license.txt
```