---
title: "2024.10.12"
visible: true
slug: "2024-10-12"
---

**Release date: February 19, 2025**

## License settings

We've added [a way to control the consumption of your Autopilot actions](https://docs.uipath.com/autopilot/other/latest/everyone-admin-guide/license-settings). By allowing Autopilot for Everyone to consume from the available AI units pool, you provide flexibility when your entitlement limit is exceeded. On the other hand, to prevent overages, you can restrict usage to the included entitlements.

## Idle exit

We've added a configurable **Idle exit** option to automatically exit Autopilot for Everyone after a period of inactivity. The option in available in **Automation Cloud Admin** > **AI Trust Laye**r > **Autopilot for Everyone** > **[Advanced settings](https://docs.uipath.com/autopilot/other/latest/everyone-admin-guide/advanced-settings)**.

## XML/XAML file support

Autopilot for Everyone now supports XAML/XML files. You can save time by uploading your workflow files directly in the chat box. After uploading, just tell Autopilot what needs updating.

## Steady launch

We’ve improved the launching experience forAutopilot for Everyone, and we fixed the issues that were causing it to freeze during the initial loading screen.

## Anonymous feedback

When providing feedback, you're reminded not to share any personal or proprietary information. We've also removed the option to send any personal information to UiPath, ensuring all feedback remains strictly anonymous.

## Session ID information

To help in issue investigation, we've added session ID information to some screens. When you report a problem, the session ID from screenshots helps us track down and resolve your issues more effectively.

## Spaces in variables don't matter

You now have more flexibility when configuring starting prompt variables. You can use either the `<<< variable >>>` (where the variable is surrounded by spaces) or the `<<<variable>>>` pattern (with no spaces around the variable).

## Bug fixes

The chat start time in the chat history menu was incorrectly categorized in languages other than English.