---
title: "2025.4.1"
visible: true
slug: "2025-4-1"
---

**Release date: May 28, 2025**

## Specialized Autopilot for Everyone

Autopilot for Everyone now allows the creation and management of multiple custom Autopilot for Everyone instances, within a single tenant. Start the conversation with the general-purpose Autopilot for Everyone, then easily switch to specific custom configurations via a dropdown, any time during the chat session. Once you select the custom experience, it automatically loads the required context grounding indexes, specific automations, or system prompts. Starting a new chat reverts to the general-purpose Autopilot for Everyone, as well as accessing previous session from the history.

## New admin options in Advanced settings

New advanced settings allow you to customize the number of pre-response actions (**Max pre-response actions**) and how many context grounding search chunks should be returned (**Context Grounding search results**).

## Smoother installation experience

Anthropic models are now enabled by default. You no longer need to manually enable it via an AI Trust Layer Automation Ops policy before installation. Plus, we've removed the prerequisite for user license management setup.

## New file types support

Autopilot for Everyone now supports uploading PowerPoint and Word documents.

## Bug fixes

Autopilot for Everyone couldn't handle workflows with **Run Agent** activities. These workflows would enter a suspended state, which was unsupported by Autopilot for Everyone. Now, Autopilot fully supports **Run Job** activities when the **Do not wait** execution mode is selected, letting your workflows run to completion.